{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you often wear sunglasses?", "output": "Yeah, I wear sunglasses pretty often, especially during the summer. You know, they're not just fashionable but also really practical because they protect my eyes from the harsh sunlight. Plus, in China, it's quite common to have sunny days, so it's like a daily necessity when I'm out and about."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you spend a lot of money on sunglasses?", "output": "Not really. As a student, I have to be mindful of my budget, so I don't splurge on sunglasses. I usually look for something stylish yet affordable. I believe it's important to balance fashion with finances, so I tend to go for mid-range prices that don't break the bank but still protect my eyes and look good."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you give sunglasses as a gift?", "output": "No, I don't usually give sunglasses as a gift. I think choosing sunglasses is quite personal because they have to fit the style and face shape of the person. If I got it wrong, they might not wear them, and that would be a waste. So, I prefer to give gifts that I'm sure the person will like and use."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Have you ever lost your sunglasses?", "output": "Yeah, I've lost my sunglasses before. It was quite frustrating, you know. I had a pair that I really liked, and one day I just couldn't find them anywhere. I think I might have left them in a cafe or on the bus, but I'm not really sure. It's a common thing among students; we're always rushing around and it's easy to forget stuff like that."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "When did you start using social media?", "output": "I started using social media when I was in high school. It was around the time when WeChat and QQ were taking off, so it must have been when I was about 15 or 16 years old. At that time, social media was quite popular among my friends, and we all wanted to stay connected."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think you spend too much time on social media?", "output": "I reckon I do spend quite a bit of time on social media. You know, for us students, platforms like WeChat and Weibo are pretty essential. We use them to keep up with friends and check out the latest news. But yeah, sometimes I find myself scrolling through feeds for hours, especially when I should be studying. So, I guess it can be a bit too much."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do your friends use social media?", "output": "For sure, pretty much all of my friends are on social media. They mostly use WeChat and QQ to stay in touch and share updates, you know. It's really popular among us college students because it's a great way to keep connected, especially when we're all so busy with classes and stuff."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do people often do on social media?", "output": "People usually post updates about their daily lives, like sharing photos or thoughts, you know. A lot of folks also follow celebrities or influencers to keep up with trends. Plus, they would comment on or like posts, and sometimes they even join groups with similar interests to discuss various topics."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you play video games?", "output": "Yeah, I do play video games from time to time, mainly because they're a great way to unwind after studying. But I'm not a hardcore gamer or anything, I only play some online games with my friends in our free time, you know, just to relax and have some fun together."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Would you watch others play video games?", "output": "Oh, for sure, I sometimes watch others play video games, especially when they're really skilled. It's pretty common among us students, you know, to follow some gamers online. I find it helps me pick up strategies and also discover new games to play."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think people spend too much time playing video games?", "output": "It's a bit of a mixed bag, really. Some folks do spend excessive hours gaming, which can lead to neglecting other important activities like studying or socializing. But for others, it's just a casual hobby that they balance well with their daily responsibilities."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What is your favorite color?", "output": "My favorite color is blue. You know, it's kind of peaceful and it reminds me of the sky on a clear day. Plus, it's pretty common for clothes, so it's easy to find nice shirts and jackets in blue. Most of my friends also like blue, so I guess it's a popular choice among us students."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What's the colour you dislike? Why?", "output": "I'm not too fond of brown, I suppose. It's a bit too dull for my taste, especially compared to more vibrant colors like blue or green that remind me of the sky or nature. Brown just doesn't spark any joy for me, and it seems a bit too drab."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you know how to bake a cake?", "output": "I've tried baking a cake a few times before. I can follow a recipe, but I wouldn't say I'm really good at it. Usually, I'll just grab a box of cake mix from the supermarket and give it a go. It's pretty straightforward, but I still manage to make a bit of a mess in the kitchen every time."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like to eat cakes or other sweet foods?", "output": "Yeah, I do enjoy eating cakes and other sweet treats. They're like a little boost for my mood, especially during study breaks. It's kind of a comfort food for me, you know? And with all the bakeries around campus, it's pretty easy to grab a slice now and then."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Are you good at memorizing things?", "output": "I'd say I'm fairly good at memorizing stuff, especially when it comes to exam preparation. I tend to use mnemonics and repetition to make things stick in my mind. But, you know, sometimes I might still forget little details in everyday life."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Have you ever forgotten something important?", "output": "Yeah, I've definitely forgotten important stuff before. Like, there was this one time I forgot to bring my ID card to a crucial exam. I was so stressed out because, without it, you couldn't sit the exam. But luckily, I managed to get it just in time."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do a lot of people like music?", "output": "Yeah, definitely, music's super popular among people, especially with us students. You know, it's like a universal language that brings folks together. Whether it's pop, rock, or classical, there's something for everyone. I always see my friends with their earphones in, just lose in their own playlists."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you collect things?", "output": "I do collect things. I'm into collecting stamps, actually. It's quite common among us students. I find it fascinating because each stamp has its own history and design, which kind of tells a story. It's a hobby that doesn't take up too much space, either."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Is there an advertisement that made an impression on you when you were a child?", "output": "Definitely! There was an ad for a brand of chocolate that really stuck in my mind. It had a catchy jingle and showed kids having a blast, which made me pester my parents to buy it every time we went shopping."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a place you would like to go to relax", "output": "Alright, so a place I'd love to go to unwind would definitely be a quiet caf\u00e9. You know, the kind with a cozy atmosphere, soft background music, and the aroma of coffee in the air. It's actually a little spot I've had my eye on, not far from campus, where a lot of students go to chill out after classes. I reckon the best time to visit would be on a lazy Sunday afternoon when I don't have much on my plate. Once I'm there, I'd probably snag a comfy corner seat, order my favorite latte, and maybe do a bit of journaling. It's like my little escape from the hustle of student life."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do people have enough places to relax in your country?", "output": "In my opinion, folks in China do have a fair number of spots to chill out, especially in urban areas. You see, there are parks, shopping malls, and cafes where students and workers can take a break. However, I reckon that during holidays, these places can get super crowded, which kinda defeats the purpose of relaxing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an occasion when you used a map that was useful", "output": "Okay, so there was this one time when I actually had to use a paper map, which was pretty unusual for me. It was when I was on a trip with some classmates to a rural area for a geography project. There was no signal out there for our phones. It was kinda tricky at first, cause I was so used to digital maps. But I found it sort of exciting to learn how to read it properly looking at the symbols, figuring out the scale. After a while, I actually got the hang of it and felt pretty proud of myself for being able to navigate through the area using just the paper map."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a time you had to finish something quickly", "output": "Yeah, so there was this one time I had to do something really quickly, and it was actually quite stressful. This particular incident happened right before our final exams. I was working on a group project due by midnight, and around 10 pm, we found a major mistake in our analysis. We had to fix it fast. It was a chaotic scene as everyone was trying to figure out the quickest way to correct the error. Thankfully, we managed to correct the mistake and upload the revised project with like, ten minutes to spare."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a job that you would not like to do in the future", "output": "Alright, so a job I wouldn't want to do is being a salesperson, particularly in those high-pressure environments. From what I understand, it's a pretty tough job involving cold calling and frequent rejection. The main reason I wouldn't like to do it is because I'm not a pushy person by nature. The idea of having to persuade someone to buy something they might not want or need doesn't sit right with me. I value stability, and the fluctuating income that comes with a sales job would make me anxious."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a person you know who likes to talk a lot", "output": "Well, there's this friend of mine, let's call him Jack, who's quite the chatterbox. He's one of my classmates from university. He usually talks about a whole range of topics, but he's particularly passionate about basketball and tech stuff. Honestly, it's a bit of a mixed bag. On the one hand, I really admire his enthusiasm and energy. But on the other hand, it can be overwhelming at times, especially when I need to concentrate on my studies. But all in all, I'd say he's a good guy with a kind heart."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a trip you were looking forward to but was delayed", "output": "I was really excited about this trip to Beijing I had planned last semester. I've always wanted to visit the Great Wall and the Forbidden City, you know, to see those famous historical places with my own eyes. Plus, I was looking forward to trying out the local cuisine, like Peking duck. The trip was supposed to be a sort of reward for myself after a tough year of studying. But just a week before the trip, there was a sudden announcement about a new group project. The deadline was right around the time I was supposed to be in Beijing. So, I had no choice but to postpone the trip. Honestly, I was pretty bummed out. It felt like all the excitement just deflated like a balloon."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What are the main means of transport in your country?", "output": "In China, the main means of transport include buses, subways, and bicycles for short distances, especially in urban areas. For longer distances, people often use high-speed trains or airplanes because they're fast and efficient. Cars are also common, but traffic jams and environmental concerns are making public transport more popular."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an interesting activity that you enjoyed most in your primary school", "output": "Alright, so one interesting activity that I really enjoyed back in my primary school days was this annual sports day event. It happened just once a year, but the excitement leading up to it was pretty intense. All the students were divided into different teams to compete in races like the relay race. I was particularly keen on the relay race because it was all about teamwork. We'd practice for weeks before the actual day. It was a real bonding experience, and we all cheered each other on. I enjoyed it so much because it was more than just a competition; it was about the camaraderie."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What activities do children often do in your country?", "output": "In China, kids are usually pretty busy with school, but they do enjoy a range of activities. A lot of them attend various after-school classes, like English tutoring or piano lessons. When they have free time, they love playing video games, hanging out with friends, and some are into sports. Also, with the rise of the internet, more kids are getting into online activities."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a useful object in your home that you cannot live without", "output": "I'd be happy to describe an object in my home that's super important to me. It's the television. I've had this TV for nearly a decade now, and honestly, it's become such a central part of my daily life. Besides watching shows, I can cast videos from my phone to the big screen. I use it almost every day. It's more like a family bonding device. We gather around the TV, sip on tea, and have chats. It's such a cozy and precious time. Without the TV, our home would feel a lot less lively."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a person who you think is good at making people feel welcome in his or her home", "output": "I want to talk about my friend, Li Wei. He's really got this knack for making people feel right at home. He lives in this cozy apartment near campus. Whenever you walk into his place, the first thing he does is greet you with a big, welcoming smile. He always takes your coat, offers you slippers, and gets you a hot cup of tea. He's attentive, always making sure everyone's comfortable. I think what makes him so good is that he genuinely cares. He listens when you talk and remembers details about what you like. He's a pro at hospitality."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe something you do regularly to help you work or study", "output": "Well, there's this method I use pretty often to help me with my studies. It's called the Pomodoro Technique. I stumbled upon it online. It's quite simple but super effective. Basically, you set a timer for 25 minutes and focus on your work with no distractions. When the timer rings, you take a 5-minute break. I usually do this during exam preparation. It helps me get into the right mindset and keeps me disciplined. Plus, I've noticed that my concentration has improved a lot, and I don't get burned out as easily."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Is time management important?", "output": "Yes, time management is crucial, especially for us Chinese college students. With our packed schedules, it's essential to prioritize tasks. By effectively managing our time, we can balance academics, social life, and rest. Without good time management, we'd be overwhelmed, which could lead to burnout or poor academic performance."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a time you were very busy", "output": "There was this one time during my final year at university when I was incredibly busy. It was right before the final exams in late May. I was swamped with a ton of assignments and group projects, plus studying for exams. I created a strict schedule to manage my time, waking up at 6 a.m. everyday. I'd head to the library and stay until it closed. The reason I was so busy was that I had chosen challenging courses and was aiming for a high GPA for a scholarship. It was stressful and I felt exhausted, but looking back, I'm proud of how I handled the pressure."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a long-term goal you would like to achieve", "output": "I've had this long-term goal for about two years now, ever since I started my major in computer science. My goal is to become a proficient software developer, specifically in the field of artificial intelligence. To achieve this, I've been taking specialized courses and learning programming languages like Python and Java. I also joined a tech club to work on projects. I plan to do an internship next summer. I set this goal because I've always been fascinated by how technology can solve complex problems, and I believe having strong AI skills will open up many career opportunities."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a useful skill that you learned as a teenager", "output": "One practical skill I picked up as a teenager was cooking. I learned it when I was around 15. My mum taught me the ropes in the kitchen. She wanted me to be able to fend for myself. Since my parents worked long hours, there were times I had to prepare my own dinner. Learning it was a bit of a rollercoaster. At first, I was reluctant, but as I got the hang of it, I started to enjoy the process. There's something satisfying about making a meal from scratch. It made me feel proud and self-sufficient."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an interesting conversation that you had with an old person", "output": "I had this really interesting chat with my grandfather over the Chinese New Year holiday. We sat in the living room and discussed the changes he's witnessed in our hometown over the decades. He shared stories about life when he was young, when streets were dirt paths. What made it fascinating was when he compared it to the present day with skyscrapers and cars. He seemed nostalgic but proud. The conversation bridged the gap between generations and gave me a deeper appreciation for my heritage."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a time when some people near you made a lot of noise", "output": "It happened last semester during our final exam period. I was in my dorm room, which is usually quiet. But on this evening, a group of students from another floor decided to throw an impromptu celebration. They were playing loud music and shouting. At first, I tried to ignore it with headphones, but it was seeping into my brain. Eventually, I went out and talked to them. I explained that many of us still had exams. Thankfully, they were understanding and lowered the volume. It was annoying, but I understood they were just excited to be done."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an unusual holiday you had", "output": "I remember this one holiday that was quite out of the ordinary. It was during the summer break about two years ago. My friends and I decided to go on a hiking trip to a remote mountain area in the west of China. It was a far cry from the usual city breaks. We were keen on trying something adventurous. We did hiking, explored local culture, and camped. We'd wake up at the crack of dawn and set off. The trails were tough with steep climbs, but the views were breathtaking. It was unusual because we were completely disconnected from the digital world, which was refreshing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a uniform you wear", "output": "As a Chinese college student, we don't wear uniforms daily, but we have a particular uniform for physical education classes or sports meets. It's a tracksuit with the university's colors and logo. The top is a jacket with a zipper, paired with matching pants. It's made of breathable fabric and is pretty comfy. Mine is navy blue with white stripes. I only need to wear it during PE classes. Honestly, I have mixed feelings about it. It's practical and saves me from choosing what to wear, but it's not exactly fashionable."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a time when someone did quite well in a team", "output": "I'm going to talk about a time when my classmate, Zhang Wei, really excelled in our university project team. We were working on a semester-long project for Business Administration. Zhang Wei is incredibly organized, so he was our coordinator. He kept track of progress and deadlines. He set up weekly meetings and helped troubleshoot issues. What made him stand out was his communication skills; he ensured everyone felt heard. Thanks to him, we got an A on the project. He was the glue that held the team together."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an outdoor activity you did", "output": "I remember one time when we went hiking during the fall semester break. We went to a nearby mountain popular among hikers. The scenery there is breathtaking, especially in autumn. I went with a group of university friends. We started early in the morning. The trail was a mix of gentle slopes and steep climbs. We took breaks to snap photos. I really enjoyed it because it was a great escape from academic pressure. Being surrounded by nature and breathing fresh air was so rejuvenating."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a time when you helped someone", "output": "There was this one time I helped a classmate with his English presentation. He was struggling with pronunciation and fluency and was really stressed about it. He worried his accent would affect his grade. So, I helped him by going through his script and correcting grammar. Then we focused on pronunciation of key words. I also gave him tips on pacing. We practiced multiple times until he felt confident. In the end, he did a great job. I felt really fulfilled knowing I made a difference for him."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an occasion when you heard someone complaining", "output": "I remember being in a shoe store at a mall a couple of months ago. It was busy. A lady was complaining to the manager about shoes she bought a week prior. She said they started falling apart, but the store had a strict no-return policy for worn items. It got quite heated. The manager explained the policy, but the lady insisted it wasn't acceptable for the quality to be so poor. Eventually, the manager offered a discount on a future purchase. I felt a bit awkward watching it, but I sympathized with her frustration."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Please describe a time when you picked up an item that someone else lost", "output": "I remember clearly when I stumbled upon a smartphone on a bench in our university campus. It was a sunny afternoon. I spotted the phone half-hidden under a magazine. It looked new, and I thought someone must be worried. I waited for a bit, but no one came. So, I took it to the lost and found office. They logged it in. Later, I heard from a friend that a girl in my class had lost her phone and retrieved it from the office. I felt relieved and happy that I did the right thing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a time you bought something from a street market", "output": "A couple of years ago, I went to an outdoor market near my university. It's well-known for cool stuff at decent prices. I was with friends looking for souvenirs. We stumbled upon a stall selling handmade bracelets. They were colorful and looked like a lot of effort went into them. I bought a blue and white woven one and a red beaded one. They were cheap, maybe 10 yuan each. I felt really happy with the purchase because they were unique and supported a local seller."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a movie that you felt strongly about", "output": "The movie I want to talk about is 'The Pursuit of Happyness' starring Will Smith. It's based on a true story about a man struggling with homelessness while raising his son. I watched it in my dorm room about two years ago. I felt strongly about it because it's about perseverance and never giving up on your dreams. As a student, I sometimes feel overwhelmed by pressure, but watching his journey was incredibly inspiring. It reminded me that resilience is key to success."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you often feel bored?", "output": "Not really, because I usually have a lot of academic work, like assignments and projects. And when I do get some free time, I like to play video games, which helps me relax and have fun."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "When do you feel bored?", "output": "I tend to feel bored when I've got a lot of free time and I'm not sure what to do with it. Like, if I've finished all my homework and there's nothing interesting on TV or no one's free to hang out, that's when I might just end up scrolling through my phone, looking for something to kill time."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do you do when you feel bored?", "output": "When I'm bored, I often play video games, you know. They're a great way to relax and pass the time. I can dive into different worlds, and it's pretty fun to challenge myself with new levels. Also, I can play some casual games with friends to unwind."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Is the city where you live crowded?", "output": "Yeah, the city where I live is pretty crowded, especially during rush hours. It's like, everyone's on the move, and the streets are packed with cars and buses. You can really feel the hustle and bustle, especially in downtown areas."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like crowded places?", "output": "Not really. As a student, I prefer quieter places where I can chill out or study. Crowded spots tend to be too noisy, and it's hard to focus. Plus, I enjoy having personal space, which you don't get much of in busy areas."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Who is your favourite celebrity in your country?", "output": "My favourite celebrity would have to be Wang Yibo. He's not only a talented actor but also an incredible singer and dancer. Plus, he's really popular among us students because of his cool personality and fashion sense. He's just everywhere these days."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like singing?", "output": "Yeah, I do enjoy singing, especially when I'm hanging out with friends at karaoke. It's a fun way to express ourselves and relax, even though I'm not particularly good at it. Plus, it's quite popular among us college students as a social activity."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "How do you save money?", "output": "As a student, I usually save money by setting a budget for each month. I avoid eating out too often and try to take advantage of student discounts whenever I can. I also use a savings app to track my expenses."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer to save money or spend money?", "output": "As a student, I think it's important to be a bit of both. I try to save money for future needs or emergencies, but I also spend on things like books and sometimes going out with friends. It's all about balance, really."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Where is your hometown?", "output": "My hometown is a small city in the north of China. It's not very big, but it's got a cozy feel to it. Most people know each other, and we have a strong sense of community. The winters can be pretty harsh, but the summers are quite pleasant."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you live in a house or an apartment?", "output": "I live in an apartment, which is pretty common for students in China. It's not too big, but it's cozy and has everything I need. It's close to my university and accessible by public transport, which is great for getting around the city."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you live with anyone else?", "output": "Yeah, I currently live with my parents and my younger sister. It's pretty common in China for students to stay with their family until they graduate or find a stable job. In addition, it's economical and supportive, especially during my studies."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What is your favourite room in your apartment?", "output": "Yeah, my favourite room in my apartment is definitely my bedroom. It's like my personal sanctuary, you know? It's where I can relax, study, or just chill out after a long day. I've got it set up just the way I like it, with comfy bedding and posters that reflect my interests."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Where are you living at the moment?", "output": "Currently I'm living in the dormitories. It's quite a lively area with lots of students around. We have plenty of facilities nearby like a library, a gym, and various canteens, which is super convenient for our daily life. Plus, it's really close to my lecture halls, so that's a big bonus."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you work or are you a student?", "output": "I'm currently a student. I'm studying at university and my major is computer science, which is pretty challenging but I find it really interesting. I spend most of my time attending lectures and working on projects, so I don't have a job at the moment. I'm just focusing on my studies right now."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Why did you choose to study this subject?", "output": "I chose to study computer science because I've always been fascinated by technology and its potential to change the world. Plus, it's a field with a lot of opportunities for internships, which can really help to build my practical skills and prepare me for future employment."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer to study in the mornings or in the afternoons?", "output": "I definitely prefer studying in the mornings because that's when I feel the most focused and alert. As a computer science student, I often have coding projects or assignments, and tackling them early works best for me. Besides, if I have an internship or part-time job related to my field in the afternoon, it doesn't disrupt my study schedule."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a public facility that has been renovated and improved", "output": "Alright, so I'd like to talk about our university library, which has recently undergone some major renovations. It was completed just last semester. The library, which was pretty outdated, has been completely transformed. They've modernized the interior, so now it's a vibrant space with lots of natural light. They've installed new computer stations and added more study areas. One of the coolest things they've done is to add private study pods where you can study without any distractions."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like parks?", "output": "Yes, I like parks because they are great places to relax. If you live in a city, a park is often the only place where you can escape from the noise and the traffic."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Why do you like learning languages?", "output": "I like learning languages because they help me to communicate with people from other countries. Also, learning a foreign language opens your mind and expands your horizons."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a positive experience that you had as a teenager", "output": "I’m going to describe the first time I visited England’s capital city, London, on a school trip when I was a teenager. I had never been to London before, and it was great to share that experience with my school friends. The positive experience wasn’t confined to one particular place in London. As far as I remember, I enjoyed the whole trip, from the coach journey to the visits to various tourist attractions. We got off the coach near the Houses of Parliament, and so one of my first memories was seeing the famous ‘Big Ben’ clock tower. We also visited the Tower of London, Buckingham Palace and Trafalgar Square. What really struck me about London was that it was historic but modern and thriving at the same time. It seemed to me to be a lively, fashionable and cosmopolitan place. Coming from a relatively small town, the experience made me keen to visit more capital cities in the future."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Where are you from?", "output": "I'm from Manchester, which is a city in the north west of England."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like your home town?", "output": "Yes, I like living in Manchester because it's where most of my friends live, and because there are plenty of things to do there. The only thing I don't like is the weather."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Would you prefer to live somewhere else?", "output": "For the moment I'm happy living here, but at some point I'd like to live in a country with a warmer climate, and I'd like to live near a beach!"}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think your home town is a good place for young people?", "output": "Yes, Manchester has lots of things for young people, such as sports facilities, music and cinemas."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What kinds of jobs might stop when the season changes?", "output": "Well, I don't really know much about seasonal jobs because everyone works all year round where I live, but I suppose that some jobs related to tourism must stop at the end of the summer holiday period."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think that school children should be encouraged to have their own ideas?", "output": "I think that we should definitely allow children to be creative and have their own ideas. Children need to develop the ability to think for themselves and solve problems because as adults they will not always have somebody to guide them. If we don't allow children to have their own ideas, they will be less successful in the adult world; they will be too reliant on others. A doctor, for example, might encounter a situation that he or she hasn't been trained for, but will still be expected to make a decision that could save someone's life."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "In your country, how do people treat visitors from abroad?", "output": "I think we treat visitors well. People in the UK are very open-minded and welcoming, and we enjoy the mix of cultures that immigration and tourism bring. Most UK cities, for example, are really cosmopolitan, and you can meet visitors from every part of the world."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think hospitality towards visitors is less important than it was in the past?", "output": "In my city, maybe it’s true that hospitality is less important nowadays, but that’s only because we are so used to seeing visitors from different countries, so we treat it as a normal part of life and nothing too special."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What are the advantages of staying with a friend compared to staying in a hotel when visiting a foreign country?", "output": "If you stay with a friend, you benefit from someone with local knowledge of the best places to visit. You can also get to know the character and customs of the local people, and for me, this is one of the most interesting aspects of a visit to another country. On the other hand, if you stay in a hotel, you are forced to discover the new place on your own, so it’s more of an adventure."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a subject that you think should be removed from school education programmes", "output": "I’m going to suggest that art could be taken out of the school curriculum. In my experience, art lessons at school tend to include drawing, painting, and the making of collages. There are a few reasons why I think that school art lessons are unnecessary. Firstly, I don’t believe that drawing and painting are essential skills that children will need when they leave school. Secondly, children can draw, paint and make collages in their own time at home. Finally, remembering my own art lessons at school, I don’t think we learnt any real art skills; the teachers left us to draw or create things, but they didn’t provide much technical instruction. Instead of art lessons, children could do more work on core subjects like maths, science or language. These subjects are more likely to help children in later life when they enter the job market."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like cooking?", "output": "Sometimes. I like preparing a special meal for family or friends who visit, but everyday cooking is a bit boring; it's something that has to be done, but it's not really fun."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think that it's important to know how to cook well?", "output": "I'm not sure whether it's important to cook well, but I do think that everyone should know the basics. It definitely isn't healthy to rely on pre-prepared meals or fast food."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think that children should be taught cookery at school?", "output": "Yes, that's probably a good idea. If all children knew how to cook a few basic, healthy meals, that would surely be a good thing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you like walking?", "output": "I'm not one for going on really long walks in the countryside, but I don't mind walking when I'm in a town or city, for example when I'm sightseeing in a new place."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think walking is important?", "output": "Yes, I think it's important to be active, and walking is the most basic physical activity that we can do."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think walking in the countryside is better than walking in the city?", "output": "Personally, no. As I said before, I like walking in the city, especially if it's somewhere with a lot of history like London or Paris. I've done quite a lot of walking in those cities."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What could be done to improve the experience of walking in cities?", "output": "I suppose the main issues are space and safety. Pavements need to be wide enough to accommodate lots of pedestrians, and we need safe places to cross the street."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an interesting conversation you had with someone you didn't know", "output": "I’m going to talk about an interesting conversation that I had a couple of weeks ago in a music shop. I was walking along one of the main shopping streets when a large window displaying musical instruments caught my eye. Out of curiosity, I decided to go in. The person I ended up speaking to was a shop assistant dedicated to acoustic guitars. I hadn’t intended to speak to anyone, but he approached me in a friendly way. I explained that I wondered what the differences were between the various acoustic guitars on show. He talked to me about the different makes and models, the woods used, and the variation in sound quality. I found the conversation fascinating because he was so knowledgeable. It was obvious that he had a passion for the guitar, and he even played a few instruments to demonstrate the sound differences."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What sports or physical activities do you regularly do?", "output": "Unfortunately I don't have time to do any sports or physical activities because of my work commitments. I'd like to find more time for regular exercise."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Which sport or game would you like to be good at?", "output": "I'd like to be good at tennis. It must be great to be able to hit the ball as hard as you can and watch it land exactly where you wanted it to."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer watching or playing sports?", "output": "I don't watch much sport on TV and I'm not a big sports fan, so I think I would probably enjoy doing sports more than watching them."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think children should be encouraged to do more sport?", "output": "Yes, I think that sport is really important for children. Sports and games teach children to play together and try their best."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a future plan that you have", "output": "I’m going to talk about a future plan that I have, which is to buy a good camera and to become a better photographer. At the moment I’m just using the camera on my mobile phone, but I’ve realised that it has its limitations. I thought of this plan when I was at a friend’s wedding; I wasn’t able to capture longer range photos or photos in darker conditions. Next time I’d like to be able to capture a special occasion in higher quality images. Obviously this plan depends on whether I can save enough money to buy the camera I’d like. I think I’ll achieve that goal by experimenting with my new camera and by learning as I go along."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Who does most of the shopping in your household?", "output": "There isn't one person who does most of the shopping. I'd say it's a shared responsibility because we tend to go shopping together as a family."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What kind of shopping do you like doing?", "output": "I quite like shopping for presents for people's birthdays or for Christmas. My favourite type of shop would have to be a bookshop."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Is shopping a popular activity in your country?", "output": "Yes, it's very popular. Saturday is the busiest shopping day, and lots of people treat shopping as a kind of leisure activity, rather than something practical."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think different colours can change our moods?", "output": "Yes, I think bright colours, like red, can make you feel energetic. Some greens and blues can be more relaxing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer to do a job that you love or earn a good salary?", "output": "Personally, I'd prefer to do a job that I really enjoy; as long as I earn enough to live comfortably, the salary is less important. However, I can see the benefits of doing a job that you don't like if it pays well. With a good salary, you can probably do more enjoyable things in your free time."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Did you play with toys when you were a child?", "output": "Yes, of course. I loved playing with toys when I was a child; I think all children do."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What kinds of toys did you like?", "output": "As far as I remember, I mostly played with toy cars, planes and action figures from films or cartoons. I also liked building things with Lego."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think that toys help children to learn?", "output": "Yes, I do. All toys encourage children to use their imagination and creativity. Even with simple toys, children imagine situations and invent games and rules."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an open-air or street market which you enjoyed visiting", "output": "I’m going to describe a street market that I’ve enjoyed visiting many times in Manchester. It’s the Manchester Christmas Market. The market stalls are spread across several sites in the city centre. They sell an array of Christmas gifts and mouth-watering food and drink from all over Europe. It’s a great place to find handmade crafts such as jewellery, ornaments, and wooden toys. Probably the biggest seller is the ‘Gluhwein’, a hot, sweet wine. The main reason I’ve always enjoyed visiting the Christmas Market is the fantastic atmosphere. When I went there last December, Manchester seemed to come alive; the streets were bustling with people and there was a real festive feel to the city."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think it's important for people to have hobbies?", "output": "Yes, I think people need to have hobbies because we all need to do things we enjoy in our spare time. In my case, I find that playing football once a week with some friends helps me to relax, keep fit and forget about work."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Can hobbies have any negative effects?", "output": "Yes, if you spend too much time on your hobby, it can affect other parts of your life. I remember that one of my friends spent most of his time at university playing computer games instead of studying. In the end, he failed most of his exams."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a recent journey", "output": "I’m going to talk about a recent journey to London. It was a couple of weekends ago, and I decided to visit the capital with some friends to do some sightseeing. I don’t have a car, but my friend does, so he volunteered to drive. Maybe it was a bad idea to travel by car because the traffic between Manchester and London was terrible. We spent a lot of time sitting in traffic jams, which were due to roadworks and minor accidents, and it took us the best part of an afternoon to get there."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Are your friends mostly your age or different ages?", "output": "Most of my friends are about the same age as me because we met at school or university. I've got one or two friends who are older or younger that I met through work."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do you think are the most important qualities for friends to have?", "output": "Maybe the most important things are that friends need to share common interests and be honest with each other. Friends are people we spend a lot of time with, so it definitely helps if they enjoy doing the same activities. And of course we need to be able to trust our friends, so honesty is vital. I think I would struggle to become friends with someone who didn’t have anything in common with me, or who wasn’t reliable."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "How important do you think it is for a person to spend some time alone?", "output": "I’d say that it’s essential to spend a bit of time alone, even if it’s just a few minutes a day. When you have a few minutes to yourself, it’s a chance to take stock and reflect on things. Most of us live such busy lives that our brains need time to catch up every now and then. Personally, I try to have a bit of “me time” every day; I’ll go for a coffee or find a quiet place to sit. If I never had any time alone, I think I’d go mad!"}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a team project that you worked on", "output": "I’d like to talk about a team project that I was involved in during my final term at business school. There were four of us on the team, and our task was to work with a local company to research a new market in a European country. We had been assigned a company that produced bicycle accessories. Two of us spent time getting to know the company while the other two researched the market in Germany. In the end, I think it was a successful project because we managed to identify a possible gap in the market. I felt a real sense of accomplishment when we handed in our report and delivered our presentation."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "How has technology affected the kinds of music that young people listen to?", "output": "To be honest I don't really know the answer to that because I'm completely out of touch with what young people are listening to. However, I suppose that technology must have affected music. Maybe young people are listening to music that has been made using computer software instead of real musical instruments like the piano or guitar."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Which musical instrument do you like listening to most?", "output": "My favourite musical instrument to listen to is the guitar. I like the fact that there are different types of guitar, like classical, acoustic and electric. I love the variety of sounds a guitar can make."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Are clothes and clothing fashions important to you?", "output": "No, clothes and fashions are not really important to me. I tend to wear clothes that are comfortable and practical rather than fashionable."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What different clothes do you wear for different situations?", "output": "Well, I have to dress quite formally for work, so I wear a shirt and trousers. At home I prefer to wear jeans and a T-shirt, and on special occasions I might wear a suit."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you wear different styles of clothes now compared to 10 years ago?", "output": "No, not really, because I don't follow fashion. I think I have dressed in a similar way for the last 10 years."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you think the clothes we wear say something about who we are?", "output": "Yes, they probably do. Some people are really careful about what they wear because they want to be seen as stylish. Other people wear clothes that show wealth or status, such as clothes by famous designers."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "How do you usually keep in touch with members of your family?", "output": "I mostly keep in touch with my family by phone, and I've started using the Internet to make video calls. I also try to visit members of my family in person as often as I can."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do you think we can learn by studying events of the past?", "output": "I think we can learn a lot by studying history. Just as individual people learn from their mistakes, societies can learn from the mistakes made by previous governments or leaders. For example, many economists look back to the Great Depression to understand current financial crises. Even if we don't always learn from mistakes, I think it's fascinating to study history because it gives us an insight into who we are and where we come from."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What important events do you think might take place in the future?", "output": "It's really difficult to predict what will happen in the future; most of the big, historic events of the past would have been impossible to foresee. If I had to guess what might happen in the future, I'd like to think that scientists will invent cures for diseases like cancer, and we'll all live longer."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe an old building that you like", "output": "I'm going to describe a very famous building in New York: the Empire State Building. People might not think of it as an old building, but it was built in 1931. It's located on Manhattan island and it's probably the most distinctive and recognisable building when you look at New York's skyline. As far as I know, it is an office building, but visitors can go up to an observation deck on the top floor. I think the Empire State Building is still one of the most impressive skyscrapers in the world. It's such an iconic structure. The best thing about the building is the viewing deck on the top floor, which offers spectacular views of the city."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a TV programme or channel that you enjoy watching regularly", "output": "I rarely watch traditional television channels nowadays; I much prefer searching for interesting programmes or videos online. So, I’d like to talk about a website called TED, which stands for ‘Technology, Entertainment, Design’. It’s a great place to watch short talks and presentations about all sorts of interesting topics. I have ted.com saved as one of my favourites, and I tend to visit the website every few days. The reason I like watching online videos on TED is that I learn something new every time I watch one. Instead of watching meaningless soap operas on TV, I’d much rather spend 10 minutes watching someone talk about a breakthrough in technology or science."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "In your country’s culture, how do you show that you are being polite?", "output": "We really value politeness and good manners in the UK. One of the first things we learn as children is to say 'please' and 'thank you'. As adults, I think we are careful not to be too direct in the language we use. For example, we would never say 'Bring me the bill' in a restaurant because this kind of direct instruction would sound rude. It would be much more polite to say 'Could we have the bill, please?'."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Are we less polite with members of our families than with people we don’t know?", "output": "I suppose it's normal to be a bit more relaxed about politeness with family members. Most people tend to speak in a more informal way at home; in the UK, we still say 'please' and 'thanks', but it's fine to use colloquial language and things like nicknames that you would never use with someone you didn't know."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Are there any differences between the types of people who were seen as celebrities in the past and those who are celebrities nowadays?", "output": "Yes, I think there have been some big changes. In the past, before the invention of television, I suppose there were very few national or international celebrities; maybe kings, queens, and leaders were the only household names. With the advent of TV and radio, performers such as actors and musicians became more well-known. However, we now seem to have a completely new breed of celebrity as a result of 'reality' television programmes; these are people who don't really have any special skills as performers, but who are famous for just being themselves."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you work or are you a student?", "output": "I’m a qualified doctor, but at the moment I’m studying English so that I can work in this country."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you enjoy your job?", "output": "Yes, I really enjoy my job. Ever since I was a child I have always wanted to be a doctor; I’ve always wanted to be able to help people."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a foreign culture that you know about", "output": "I'm going to talk about France and French culture. I know France quite well because it was the first foreign country that I visited as a child. The first thing that comes to mind when I think about France is the bread! I love the fact that French people buy fresh baguettes every morning from small local bakeries. I really like the caf\u00e9 culture in France. You can always find somewhere interesting to sit and have a coffee and chat to friends or just watch the world go by. Another thing I could mention is that the last time I went to France on holiday, I played a game called ‘boules’ every day. It’s the perfect game for a relaxing afternoon."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Tell me about the kind of accommodation you live in", "output": "I live in a house that has a living room, a kitchen, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a small garden. It's not a very big house, but it's just right for me."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a website that you often use", "output": "Facebook is a social networking website. It's a free website that allows you to keep in contact with friends or find people you've lost touch with. It's one of the most popular websites in the world. I signed up and I've been using it ever since. Facebook allows you to keep up to date with what friends are doing. You have a profile page with information and status updates. You can post messages to other people's pages and upload photos. I find Facebook most useful for organising my life, keeping in touch with friends and storing photos. I think social networking websites have become part of everyday life."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "How is life different in cities compared to rural areas?", "output": "Firstly, the cost of living in cities is much higher. Housing is much more expensive in cities compared to rural areas; everything costs more. I think life in cities is more difficult. There are more people, so there's more competition for jobs. Life is a lot slower in rural areas, everyone knows each other and there's a sense of community. I don't think rural areas experience the social problems that you find in cities, like crime and homelessness."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer home-cooked food or food from restaurants?", "output": "I prefer home-cooked food because I think it's healthier and you know exactly what you're eating. I also enjoy cooking for family and friends."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do you think are the functions of rivers nowadays?", "output": "Rivers have various functions. In the UK, they were probably more important in the past because they were used for the transportation of goods, but I suppose this is still the case in many parts of the world. Rivers can be used as a source of renewable energy in the production of hydro-electric power, and they are also a source of fresh water for drinking and irrigation. Leisure activities are another function: fishing, canoeing, swimming, and bathing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a beautiful garden that you like", "output": "Today I'd like to describe my home garden, which I think is a beautiful one. The garden is part of my home's backyard, and my house is located in the suburbs. There is a big tree right in the middle of my garden, which is surrounded by a hot tub, a small water fountain, several bushes, and a section for vegetables. Even though we are not experts in gardening, we still try our best to plant things that we like, such as roses and tulips. Whenever family and friends come to visit us, we invite them to have a relaxing time in our hot tub. It definitely requires lots of hard work to properly maintain the garden, but it gives us a great sense of accomplishment to “decorate” it the way we like."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Describe a famous garden", "output": "The garden I'm going to describe is famous because it belonged to the French painter Claude Monet. It's in a place called Giverny, which is in northern France. There are actually two gardens at the Monet house: a flower garden, and a Japanese inspired water garden. Apparently, Monet designed the gardens himself; he even had the pond and the famous Japanese bridge made. Thousands of people visit the gardens at Giverny to see the magnificent scenes that inspired Monet's paintings. I like Monet's gardens because they are such beautiful creations, and it's amazing to see the 'real thing' having seen the famous paintings so many times."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Why do you think some school teachers use competitions as class activities?", "output": "I think teachers use competitions to motivate the children in their classes. I'm sure that teachers try all kinds of activities to engage their pupils, and competitions might be one of the best ways to keep children interested or get them excited. Children love winning things."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Is it a good thing to give prizes to children who do well at school?", "output": "It might be a good idea to encourage children to do well in games or sports, but I don't think we should give children prizes for their academic work. Children need to learn that the reason for studying is to learn useful things that will help them in their lives. I don't like the idea of children thinking that they will only work hard if there is a prize."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What are some of the ways people can help others in the community?", "output": "I think there are many ways to help others in our local communities. For example, where I live, some people volunteer to run activity clubs for children, or they help out in residential homes for elderly people. Others give money, food or clothes to organisations that support people living below the poverty line. In my opinion, there isn’t a scale of importance when it comes to helping others; all forms of help are positive."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Why do you think some people like to help other people?", "output": "Most people get a good feeling when they help others, and they understand that we can all experience difficult times in our lives when we might need support. For example, we all grow old, and we all run the risk of losing our jobs or having a health problem. So, I think people help others because they empathise with them."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Would you say that schools for young children have become more or less competitive since you were that age?", "output": "I'd say that they have become more competitive since I was young. Children now have to take exams from a much younger age, so I think there is more of a focus on doing well in tests. Parents also seem to be getting more competitive; I think that many parents push their children to do extra homework rather than letting them play with friends."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do you think of boats and ships as forms of transportation?", "output": "I'm not really a fan of boats and ships. If I'm going abroad, I like to get to my destination quickly, so I prefer travelling by plane. Of course, ships are vital for the transportation of oil and other heavy cargo."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Why do some people like to live near rivers, lakes or the sea?", "output": "Well, the view is probably a major factor; most people like to look out to sea, or across a river or lake. I'd much prefer to look out of my window onto a natural landscape than an apartment building in a city. Then there's the lifestyle: if you live by the sea, for example, you can lie on the beach, go for a swim, or do water sports like surfing or waterskiing. I definitely wouldn't mind living near a beach at some point in my life!"}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Some people say that people help others in the community more now than they did in the past. Do you agree or disagree?", "output": "I disagree with that kind of opinion. It’s impossible to generalise about how much people help in their communities from one generation to the next, so I don’t think we should try to judge or compare how altruistic people are now or were in the past. There have always been those who help others and those who don’t."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What's the best thing about your job?", "output": "The best thing about my job is that I can make a difference in people’s lives. It’s a great feeling to see someone recover after an illness because my colleagues and I were able to help."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer working alone or with others?", "output": "In a hospital you have to work as part of a team. I’ve got used to working with others, and I think you can achieve a lot more as a team than you would alone."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "How long have you lived there?", "output": "I've lived there for about five years. It's the first house that I've owned; before that I was renting an apartment."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What do you like about living there?", "output": "I like living there because I think the house reflects my personality: I decorated it myself, I chose all the furniture, and everything is where I want it to be."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What sort of accommodation would you most like to live in?", "output": "If I could, I'd buy a bigger house near a beach or in the mountains, preferably somewhere with a warm climate."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "What types of shops do teenagers like best in your country?", "output": "I'm not an expert on teenage behaviour, but I guess they like buying clothes, music, gadgets... that kind of thing."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "In your country, do boys and girls play with the same types of toys?", "output": "Not really. I think boys like the kinds of toys that I mentioned before, whereas girls play with dolls. My niece, for example, doesn't like toy cars; she prefers dressing dolls in different outfits."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Who did the cooking in your family when you were a child?", "output": "My mother almost always did the cooking when I was young. I don't think she trusted my father to make a nice meal."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you prefer to speak to people by phone or by writing emails?", "output": "It depends on the situation. I use email and text messages to communicate with friends, but my parents prefer it if I phone them."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Do you ever write letters by hand?", "output": "No, I don't write letters by hand because it's so much easier to send an email that will arrive immediately."}
{"instruction": "You are an English speaking coach. Keep your responses short and natural...", "input": "Is there anything you dislike about mobile phones?", "output": "Well, I don't like listening to other people's conversations in public places, and I don't like it when someone's phone rings in the cinema or during a lesson."}